- [Instructor] This course is designed
as an architectural focused, code agnostic offering,
and as such, your knowledge is centered around what you know
about the underlying technologies at play.
There is a little prerequisite knowledge
that I expect you to have before we start this course.
I would expect you to have a solid grasp
on the microservices architectural models
before you begin this course.
If you feel you need some help there,
or even just a refresher,
consider watching my course, Microservices Foundations,
available here in the LinkedIn Learning Catalog.
I would also expect you to have some basic understanding
of restful communications over HTTP,
and really, the important aspect here is the HTTP part.
If you understand how TCP/IP work,
especially in the context of HTTP,
the better prepared you will be when identifying
where these asynchronous patterns
can help you in your system.
I'm going to also expect you to understand
the very basics of asynchronous messaging.
I don't need you to understand RabbitMQ, JMS, or Kafka,
just some base conceptual understanding
of messaging in computer systems.
Now let's get some work done
with asynchronous messaging in microservices.